Post ll5 update (#1676)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/oskar-aleksander.md

#### Becoming Oskar Aleksander

> After his victory over [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md), [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) and [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md), in a post-match promo he declared that he earned the right to decide what his ringname would be, and he also aligned himself with [Agentka Agatka](@/w/agentka-agatka.md). Since then he's been billed as "Oskar Aleksander". At the same show, in a backstage interview, he became affiliated with an unnamed female "[Talent Agent](@/w/agentka-agatka.md)", who became his manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After his victory over [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md), [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) and [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md), in a post-match promo he declared that he earned the right to decide what his ringname would be. Since then he's been billed as "Oskar Aleksander". At the same show, in a backstage interview, he became affiliated with an unnamed female "[Talent Agent](@/w/agentka-agatka.md)", who became his manager.
```

Besides his regular appearances as Oskar Aleksander he also performed as "Oskar Strong" - [Biesiad Strong's](@/w/biesiad.md) parody - at the non-canon [SplatFilmFest](@/e/ppw/2024-10-30-ppw-chcemy-krwi.md) show.

> In January 2025 Oskar Aleksander faced a Polish scene legend - [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) -  at [PpW Gruba Przesada](@c/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), in probably the biggest match in his career up to that point. During the 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) he suffered an injury after recieving a Stallion Cutter from [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) face-first onto a championship belt laying in the ring, which caused him to bleed severly. Despite that, he quickly recovered and managed to support Agentka Agatka in her first match against Madison Marley. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In January 2025 Oskar Aleksander faced a Polish scene legend - [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) -  at [PpW Gruba Przesada](@c/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), in probably the biggest match in his career up to that point. During the 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) he suffered an injury after receiving a Stallion Cutter from [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) face-first onto a championship belt laying in the ring, which caused him to bleed severely. Despite that, he quickly recovered and managed to support Agentka Agatka in her first match against Madison Marley. 
```
